new quickstart guides (#3060)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-spa-redirect/main/angular/configmid.md

The Okta Angular SDK requires an instance of an `OktaAuth` object with configuration properties. You should set the `ClientID` and `Issuer` properties. This can happen by directly setting the properties, with variable replacement that happens as part of the build process, or during application load time.

Make the following changes to `src/app/app.module.ts`:

1. Add the following import lines to the code to pull in the dependencies:

```ts
import { OktaAuthModule, OKTA_CONFIG } from '@okta/okta-angular';
import { OktaAuth } from '@okta/okta-auth-js';
```

2. Add `OktaAuthModule` to the `@NgModule` `imports` array.

3. Add a new `OktaAuth` object like the one below, replacing the `issuer` and `clientId` values with your own values:

```ts
const oktaAuth = new OktaAuth({

>   issuer: 'https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default',

Reviewer: I've noticed that some guides have `${yourOktaDomain}`, while others don't have the dollar sign prefix. On the developer blog, we don't use a dollar sign.

Author: I'm going to change all these to use the dollar sign, as we tend to use it in the dev.okta content.

The Okta Angular SDK requires an instance of an `OktaAuth` object with configuration properties. You should set the `ClientID` and `Issuer` properties. This can happen by directly setting the properties, with variable replacement that happens as part of the build process, or during application load time.

> Add `OktaAuthModule` to the `NgModule` `imports` array and configure the Okta provider so Okta services are added to the dependency injection system. The Okta Angular SDK provides the `OKTA_CONFIG` injection token where you'll use the `OktaAuth` instance as the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add `OktaAuthModule` to the `NgModule` `imports` array and configure the Okta provider so that Okta services are added to the dependency injection system. The Okta Angular SDK provides the `OKTA_CONFIG` injection token where you use the `OktaAuth` instance as the value.
```
